# Project-App
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/sUkqlluGzBw
    #### Description: Project App is a Python program in the project.py file made by Rakesh Karmaker, where there are some subprojects to make a big final project. Currently, there are 4 subprojects, of which 3 are small games called Guess the Number, Question Answer, and the most popular, Rock, Paper, and Scissor. There is also a subproject called Days Lived where the user inserts his birthdate, then the program will calculate his age and how many days he has lived since his birth, and then the program inserts the results in a pdf file called days_lived.pdf. The first game, Guess the Number, exactly does what it sounds like. It generates a random integer between two given integers, depending on the mode. There are three modes (easy, medium, and hard), and then the user guesses the integer. In the second game (Question Answer), the user is given some M.C.Q.s to solve and add or delete them. All of the questions are stored in the mcqs.csv file. In the third and final game, the user plays Rock Paper Scissor with the computer. It is really fun. There are also some test runs in the test_project.py file. In the day_lived.jpg, there is a background image used for the days_lived.pdf. In the requirements.txt, there are all the modules used for the project. And finally, in the README.md file, there is a description of the final project. Thank you very much. I am Rakesh Karmaker, and this was my final project called Project App.
